[CONTRIBUTING & FAQ.md] improve clarity and structure (#38249)
iptv-org/iptv: FAQ.md

### Why is the channel on the iptv-org.github.io but not in the playlist?

The site is an extensive database of all existing TV channels in the world, and does not represent a list of streams in our possession. Only those of them for which we have working stream links are included in the playlists.

> You may still check [iptv-org.github.io](https://iptv-org.github.io) with the "feeds:>1" parameter in the search bar to check all available feeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may still check [iptv-org.github.io](https://iptv-org.github.io) with the "streams:>0" parameter in the search bar to check all available streams.
```

Since most of the message is intended for people looking for channel streams, I think this query will be more useful to them.
